
                                                        ANSWERS OF YOUR QUESTION:

Question_01: Difference b/w object and data structure:
Answer_01: An object is basically an instance of a class. A class can model various things from the real world. 
It's an abstraction of something. While a data structure is a structure which organizes certain data in a certain way. 
You can implement structures in ways different than by using classes.

Question_02: What does “separation of concerns” mean and what are advantages/disadvantages?
Answer_02: Separation of concerns is a software architecture design pattern/principle for separating an application into distinct sections, 
so each section addresses a separate concern. For example the use of methods, objects, components, 
and services to define core behavior within an application,projects, solutions, 
and folder hierarchies for source organization, application layers and tiers for processing organization.

Pros and Cons of Separation of Concerns:

Pros:
Code reuse - Separation of concern provides code reusability
Adaptable design - A good design is closed for changes and open for additions. 
Test driven approach - Isolated implementation allows to test each component separately. 
Cons:
Higher complexity
Not suitable for simple and small solutions

Question_03: Explain, in a few words, what roles the inspector, project and hierarchy panels in the Unity editor have.
Which is responsible for referencing the content that will be included in the build process?
Answer_03: 
The inspector panel allows users to modify numeric values (such as position, rotation and scale),
drag and drop references of scene objects (like Prefabs, Materials and Game Objects), and others. 
Also it can show a custom-made UI, created by the user, by using Editor scripts.
The project panel contains files from the file system of the assets folder in the project’s root folder. 
It shows all the available scripts, textures, materials and shaders available for use in the project.
The hierarchy panel shows the current scene structure, with its GameObjects and its children. 
It also helps users organize them by name and order relative to the GameObject’s siblings.
Order dependent features, such as UI, make use of this categorization.
The panel responsible for referencing content in the build process is the hierarchy panel.
The panel contains references to the objects that exist, or will exist, when the application is executed. 
When building the project, Unity searches for them in the project panel, and adds them to the bundle.
